Inference Narrative Document Updates (#60)
GoogleCloudPlatform/accelerated-platforms: docs/use-cases/inferencing/README.md

Optimizing the HPA settings is the primary way to align your provisioned hardware cost with traffic demands to achieve your inference server performance goals.

We recommend setting these HPA configuration options:

- Stabilization window: Use this HPA configuration option to prevent rapid replica count changes due to fluctuating metrics. Defaults are 5 minutes for scale-down (avoiding premature scale-down) and 0 for scale-up (ensuring responsiveness). Adjust the value based on your workload's volatility and your preferred responsiveness.
- Scaling policies: Use this HPA configuration option to fine-tune the scale-up and scale-down behavior. You can set the "Pods" policy limit to specify the absolute number of replicas changed per time unit, and the "Percent" policy limit to specify the percentage change.
- Also, depending on the [inference engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/best-practices/machine-learning/inference/autoscaling), you can also determine appropriate metrics to help Kubernetes facilitate the scaling based on demand.

An example of collecting metrics and importing a dashboard are available [here](/use-cases/inferencing/serving/vllm/metrics).

> Once the metrics are available, they can be leveraged for autoscaling with this [example](/use-cases/inferencing/serving/vllm/autoscaling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the metrics are available, they can be leveraged for autoscaling using the [vLLM autoscaling with horizontal pod autoscaling (HPA)](/use-cases/inferencing/serving/vllm/autoscaling/README.md) guide.
```

> For the implementation examples, please [check out this document](/use-cases/inferencing/serving/vllm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example implementations, see the [Distributed Inference and Serving with vLLM](/use-cases/inferencing/serving/vllm/README.md) guides.
```

> For example implementations, see the [Distributed Inference and Serving with vLLM](/use-cases/inferencing/serving/vllm/README.md) guides.

Reviewer: Why do you want to remove the `README.md`?

> For example implementations, see the [Distributed Inference and Serving with vLLM](/use-cases/inferencing/serving/vllm/README.md) guides.

Reviewer 2: send them to the general folders, while the readme still renders below
